_articles/image-api.md, before:

---
layout: article
title: Image API - BETA
resource: true
categories: [API]
order: 1
---

Image API is an essential tool to retrieve content from the Olapic Media Library without writing any complex code. By constructing your custom image URLs, you can retrieve content without having to write complex code that consumes the Olapic API. This URL can be used primarily in e-mail templates to increase brand engagement, social awareness of your brand, and ultimately conversion.

[Email Studio](https://olapic1.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360021855492) is a great tool to generate code snippets for your Email Campaigns. It uses Image API as the content source and allows you to display dynamic content in email marketing campaigns. Please consult the how-to guide for more details.

**This API is currently in BETA. It is is under development and subject to any changes. Please consult your Olapic team before deploying on production.**

## Features
1. Retrieve content from Olapic Media Library without writing code (logic is all in the URL)
1. No need to set up a feed export / import for activating content in marketing channels
1. Did we mention there's no need to write code?
1. Advanced image manipulation: cropping, resizing, background support.

## API Endpoints

The base hostname for the BETA version of the API is currently: `cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/`.

You can access the root endpoint in the following route:
```
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/{customer_id}
```

### API Methods

| Method | URI                                          | Params                          | Description                                                                          |
| ------ | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `GET`  | `/pbox/customer/{customerId}/?{queryParams}` | `{customerId}`, `{queryParams}` | Returns a media using supplied params. See **Parameters** section below for details. |
| `GET`  | `/pbox/customer/{customerId}/redirect/?{queryParams}` | `{customerId}`, `{queryParams}` | Endpoint for dynamic linking. See **Dynamic Linking** section below for details. |


The `{customer_id}` value can be found via the [root APIv2 endpoint](http://apiv2-docs.photorank.me/#header-root-endpoint).

The above path will be used for every call. All parameters specifying which image to retrieve will be set through the query string parameters (more info below).

## Getting Started with Image API

This API only returns rights-approved content from your Olapic Media Library.

In order to retrieve an image using Image API, you must construct the URL using parameter values that are specific to your system (i.e., Brand Product ID or SKU) or within Olapic platform (i.e., Olapic Stream ID).

## Parameters

These are the available query string parameters that you can customize to retrieve a desired image from your Olapic account:

| Parameter Name    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| :---------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `auth_token`      | `auth_token` is your Olapic account's API Key. The API key can be found on the settings page of the your Olapic account                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `filter`          | The name of the filter you want to use in order to grab an image. This must be used in conjunction with `filter_value`                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `filter_value`    | The value of the filter you want to apply in order to grab an image. If the filter is stream_id, the filter_value would be the actual id of the stream.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `sorting_options` | The method to sort the media returned by the API                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `position`        | The position of the image within the api call that you would like to use. This is mostly useful if you'd like to use multiple images within your email campaign. This will tell us which image to surface in relation to that sorting option. In the case of a recent sorting option, a value of 1 will return the most recently uploaded image |
| `size`            | Image size of the media returned                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `fallback_image`  | Used to specify the fallback image in case no image is found using the parameters. This must be URI encoded.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `crop_size`       | Crops the image. Size of the cropped image. Min/Max dimensions: 5x5 to 640x640                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `crop_fit`        | The fit of the cropped image. Available options: `contain`, and `cover`. [Emulates CSS3 `background-size` properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-size)                                                                                                                                                         |
| `crop_position`   | Used to define the center position of the cropped image. Available options: `center`, `attention`, and `entropy`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `crop_background` | Defines the surrounding background of the cropped image. Used in junction with `crop_fit=contain`. Available options: HEX color values, or `blur`                                                                                                                                                                                               |

## Parameter Definitions

- `auth_token`

  - **Required:** Yes
  - **Description:** If only this parameter is present, then the API will return the latest rights approved image from your Olapic account.

- `filter`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Available Options:** `stream_id`, `product_id`, `category_id`, `user_id`, `media_id`
  - **Notes:** This parameter MUST be used in conjunction with the `filter_value` parameter

- `filter_value`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** This parameter MUST be used in conjunction with the `filter` parameter

- `position`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Default value:** `0`
  - **Accepted value:** `0` to `19`
  - **Description:** Index position of the image you want to retrieve from the API. If you're looking to retrieve the most recent image, the value would be `0`. The second most recent image's position value would be `1`.

- `sorting_options`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Default value:** `recent`
  - **Available Options:** `recent`, `photorank`, `shuffled`, `rated`, `media_position`. For more information on each of the sorting options, please refer to this [link](http://apiv2-docs.photorank.me/index.html#header-media-sorting-options)

- `size`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Default value:** `normal`
  - **Available Options:** `square`, `thumbnail`, `mobile`, `normal`, `original`. For more information on each of the sizing options, please refer to this [link](http://apiv2-docs.photorank.me/index.html#header-media-sizing-options)
  - **Description:** The size of the image to be returned from the API

- `fallback_image`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** The fallback image needs to be URI encoded, must be available via HTTP or HTTPS, and must end in an extension of `.jpg`, `.png`, `.jpeg`, or `.gif`
  - **Accepted value:** Any URL.

- `crop_size`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** Crops the image. Size of the cropped image. Min/Max dimensions: 5x5 to 640x640
  - **Accepted value:** `{width}x{height}`. Example: `400x400`

- `crop_fit`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** The fit of the cropped image.
  - **Available options:** `contain`, and `cover`. [Emulates CSS3 `background-size` properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-size)

- `crop_position`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** Used to define the center position of the cropped image.
  - **Available options:** `center`, `attention`, and `entropy`.
    - `center`: focus on the center region of original image.
    - `entropy`: focus on the region with the highest [Shannon entropy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entropy_%28information_theory%29).
    - `attention`: focus on the region with the highest luminance frequency, color saturation and presence of skin tones.

- `crop_background`

  - **Required** No
  - **Description:** Defines the surrounding background of the cropped image. Used in junction with `crop_fit=contain`.
  - **Available options:**

    - HEX color values (all valid variations `#FFFFFF`, `FFFFFF`, `FFF`, `#FFF`)

      ![](../img/imageapi-hex-bg.jpeg)

    - this will produce a cropped image with the blurred background:

      ![](../img/imageapi-blurred-bg.jpeg)

## Dynamic Linking
Dynamic Linking provides redirection in order to send users to the stream or product URL associated with the image. The primary use case for this endpoint is to enable click-through to the stream or product URL associated with the image without having to layer additional data on the template side (i.e., supplying URLs from the ESP to the `href` of the `<a>` tag that wraps the `<img>` tag). 

Using this endpoint, Olapic will dynamically route the user to the product page URL based on the product tagged to the image. If the photo is tagged to multiple products, then first product tagged will be used. In cases where images are not tagged to any active products, the `fallback_url` will be used instead (see **Parameters** section below).

### Parameters
The same parameters as the base image retrieval endpoint (except few parameters such as `crop_size`, API ignores these parameters) are provided to the the `/redirect/` endpoint of Image API. Then, Image API resolves the stream or product URL associated with the image and returns a `302` redirect with the URL placed in the `Location` header.

An additional required parameter called `fallback_url` is introduced in this endpoint.

- `fallback_url`
  - **Required:** Yes
  - **Description:** This parameter is required to account for scenarios where there are no stream or product URLs linked to the image.

### Example
For example, the following URL pattern can be used to retrieve a set of four most recently published images from customer ID `215815`:
```
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3
```

The redirect URLs for the above image URLs would be:
```
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
```

The resulting HTML looks like this (see example on [Codepen](https://codepen.io/jhankim/pen/drqvNB)):
```html
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3" />
</a>
```

Once the above HTML renders, the user can click on the image to navigate to the stream or product URL associated with the image.

Commit message:

What does this Pull Request Do? ------------------------------ Adds in the documentation for the new parameter `include_username` for the image api documentation. It also adds the pictures that are required by this new documentation.
How should this be manually tested?
-----------------------------------
```
cd ~/Olapic/PublicDocs
git checkout gh-pages
jekyll serve
```

visit http://127.0.0.1:4000/articles/image-api.html to ensure the new parameter is available

Any background context you want to provide?
-------------------------------------------
N/a

What are the relevant tickets?
------------------------------
[CDEV-819](https://photorank.atlassian.net/browse/CDEV-819)

Any extra info?
---------------

_articles/image-api.md, after:

---
layout: article
title: Image API - BETA
resource: true
categories: [API]
order: 1
---

Image API is an essential tool to retrieve content from the Olapic Media Library without writing any complex code. By constructing your custom image URLs, you can retrieve content without having to write complex code that consumes the Olapic API. This URL can be used primarily in e-mail templates to increase brand engagement, social awareness of your brand, and ultimately conversion.

[Email Studio](https://olapic1.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360021855492) is a great tool to generate code snippets for your Email Campaigns. It uses Image API as the content source and allows you to display dynamic content in email marketing campaigns. Please consult the how-to guide for more details.

**This API is currently in BETA. It is is under development and subject to any changes. Please consult your Olapic team before deploying on production.**

## Features
1. Retrieve content from Olapic Media Library without writing code (logic is all in the URL)
1. No need to set up a feed export / import for activating content in marketing channels
1. Did we mention there's no need to write code?
1. Advanced image manipulation: cropping, resizing, background support.

## API Endpoints

The base hostname for the BETA version of the API is currently: `cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/`.

You can access the root endpoint in the following route:
```
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/{customer_id}
```

### API Methods

| Method | URI                                          | Params                          | Description                                                                          |
| ------ | -------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `GET`  | `/pbox/customer/{customerId}/?{queryParams}` | `{customerId}`, `{queryParams}` | Returns a media using supplied params. See **Parameters** section below for details. |
| `GET`  | `/pbox/customer/{customerId}/redirect/?{queryParams}` | `{customerId}`, `{queryParams}` | Endpoint for dynamic linking. See **Dynamic Linking** section below for details. |


The `{customer_id}` value can be found via the [root APIv2 endpoint](http://apiv2-docs.photorank.me/#header-root-endpoint).

The above path will be used for every call. All parameters specifying which image to retrieve will be set through the query string parameters (more info below).

## Getting Started with Image API

This API only returns rights-approved content from your Olapic Media Library.

In order to retrieve an image using Image API, you must construct the URL using parameter values that are specific to your system (i.e., Brand Product ID or SKU) or within Olapic platform (i.e., Olapic Stream ID).

## Parameters

These are the available query string parameters that you can customize to retrieve a desired image from your Olapic account:

| Parameter Name    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| :---------------- | :---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `auth_token`      | `auth_token` is your Olapic account's API Key. The API key can be found on the settings page of the your Olapic account                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `filter`          | The name of the filter you want to use in order to grab an image. This must be used in conjunction with `filter_value`                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| `filter_value`    | The value of the filter you want to apply in order to grab an image. If the filter is stream_id, the filter_value would be the actual id of the stream.                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `sorting_options` | The method to sort the media returned by the API                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `position`        | The position of the image within the api call that you would like to use. This is mostly useful if you'd like to use multiple images within your email campaign. This will tell us which image to surface in relation to that sorting option. In the case of a recent sorting option, a value of 1 will return the most recently uploaded image |
| `size`            | Image size of the media returned                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                |
| `fallback_image`  | Used to specify the fallback image in case no image is found using the parameters. This must be URI encoded.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `crop_size`       | Crops the image. Size of the cropped image. Min/Max dimensions: 5x5 to 640x640                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| `crop_fit`        | The fit of the cropped image. Available options: `contain`, and `cover`. [Emulates CSS3 `background-size` properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-size)                                                                                                                                                         |
| `crop_position`   | Used to define the center position of the cropped image. Available options: `center`, `attention`, and `entropy`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `crop_background` | Defines the surrounding background of the cropped image. Used in junction with `crop_fit=contain`. Available options: HEX color values, or `blur`                                                                                                                                                                                               |

## Parameter Definitions

- `auth_token`

  - **Required:** Yes
  - **Description:** If only this parameter is present, then the API will return the latest rights approved image from your Olapic account.

- `filter`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Available Options:** `stream_id`, `product_id`, `category_id`, `user_id`, `media_id`
  - **Notes:** This parameter MUST be used in conjunction with the `filter_value` parameter

- `filter_value`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** This parameter MUST be used in conjunction with the `filter` parameter

- `position`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Default value:** `0`
  - **Accepted value:** `0` to `19`
  - **Description:** Index position of the image you want to retrieve from the API. If you're looking to retrieve the most recent image, the value would be `0`. The second most recent image's position value would be `1`.

- `sorting_options`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Default value:** `recent`
  - **Available Options:** `recent`, `photorank`, `shuffled`, `rated`, `media_position`. For more information on each of the sorting options, please refer to this [link](http://apiv2-docs.photorank.me/index.html#header-media-sorting-options)

- `size`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Default value:** `normal`
  - **Available Options:** `square`, `thumbnail`, `mobile`, `normal`, `original`. For more information on each of the sizing options, please refer to this [link](http://apiv2-docs.photorank.me/index.html#header-media-sizing-options)
  - **Description:** The size of the image to be returned from the API

- `fallback_image`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** The fallback image needs to be URI encoded, must be available via HTTP or HTTPS, and must end in an extension of `.jpg`, `.png`, `.jpeg`, or `.gif`
  - **Accepted value:** Any URL.

- `crop_size`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** Crops the image. Size of the cropped image. Min/Max dimensions: 5x5 to 640x640
  - **Accepted value:** `{width}x{height}`. Example: `400x400`

- `crop_fit`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** The fit of the cropped image.
  - **Available options:** `contain`, and `cover`. [Emulates CSS3 `background-size` properties](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/background-size)

- `crop_position`

  - **Required:** No
  - **Description:** Used to define the center position of the cropped image.
  - **Available options:** `center`, `attention`, and `entropy`.
    - `center`: focus on the center region of original image.
    - `entropy`: focus on the region with the highest [Shannon entropy](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Entropy_%28information_theory%29).
    - `attention`: focus on the region with the highest luminance frequency, color saturation and presence of skin tones.

- `crop_background`

  - **Required** No
  - **Description:** Defines the surrounding background of the cropped image. Used in junction with `crop_fit=contain`.
  - **Available options:**

    - HEX color values (all valid variations `#FFFFFF`, `FFFFFF`, `FFF`, `#FFF`)

      ![](../img/imageapi-hex-bg.jpeg)

    - this will produce a cropped image with the blurred background:

      ![](../img/imageapi-blurred-bg.jpeg)

- `include_username`

  - **Required** No
  - **Description** Overlays the image with an attribution referencing the instagram handle of the original image uploder
  - **Accepted Values** `0` or `1`

    - Original image without username included
    
      ![](../img/not_include_username.jpeg)

    - Original image with username - `include_username=1`

      ![](../img/included_username.jpeg)

## Dynamic Linking
Dynamic Linking provides redirection in order to send users to the stream or product URL associated with the image. The primary use case for this endpoint is to enable click-through to the stream or product URL associated with the image without having to layer additional data on the template side (i.e., supplying URLs from the ESP to the `href` of the `<a>` tag that wraps the `<img>` tag). 

Using this endpoint, Olapic will dynamically route the user to the product page URL based on the product tagged to the image. If the photo is tagged to multiple products, then first product tagged will be used. In cases where images are not tagged to any active products, the `fallback_url` will be used instead (see **Parameters** section below).

### Parameters
The same parameters as the base image retrieval endpoint (except few parameters such as `crop_size`, API ignores these parameters) are provided to the the `/redirect/` endpoint of Image API. Then, Image API resolves the stream or product URL associated with the image and returns a `302` redirect with the URL placed in the `Location` header.

An additional required parameter called `fallback_url` is introduced in this endpoint.

- `fallback_url`
  - **Required:** Yes
  - **Description:** This parameter is required to account for scenarios where there are no stream or product URLs linked to the image.

### Example
For example, the following URL pattern can be used to retrieve a set of four most recently published images from customer ID `215815`:
```
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3
```

The redirect URLs for the above image URLs would be:
```
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F
```

The resulting HTML looks like this (see example on [Codepen](https://codepen.io/jhankim/pen/drqvNB)):
```html
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=0" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=1" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=2" />
</a>
<a href="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/redirect?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3&fallback_url=https%3A%2F%2Fmysite.com%2F" target="_blank">
  <img src="https://cdn-imageapi.photorank.me/pbox/customer/215815/?auth_token=f48eeae508d1b1f3133df366679eb2b567bae5dc8058d69d679dc5cb140eb857&position=3" />
</a>
```

Once the above HTML renders, the user can click on the image to navigate to the stream or product URL associated with the image.
